docs: use "Go Cloud Development Kit" or GCDK instead of "Go Cloud" (#1187)
google/go-cloud: README.md

<img src="logo-gopherblue.png" alt="" width="448" height="221">

# The Go Cloud Development Kit (Go CDK)

_Write once, run on any cloud ☁️_

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/google/go-cloud.svg?branch=master)][travis]
[![godoc](https://godoc.org/github.com/google/go-cloud?status.svg)][godoc]
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/google/go-cloud/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/google/go-cloud?branch=master)

> The Go Cloud Development Kit (Go CDK) will allow application developers to

Reviewer: Drop the "will". It's cleaner (and matches verb tense with the next sentence).

```suggestion
The Go Cloud Development Kit (Go CDK) allows application developers to
```

Author: Done.

<img src="logo-gopherblue.png" alt="" width="448" height="221">

# The Go Cloud Development Kit (Go CDK)

_Write once, run on any cloud ☁️_

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/google/go-cloud.svg?branch=master)][travis]
[![godoc](https://godoc.org/github.com/google/go-cloud?status.svg)][godoc]
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/google/go-cloud/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/google/go-cloud?branch=master)

> The Go Cloud Development Kit will allow application developers to seamlessly

Reviewer 2: Nit: I'd put (Go CDK) once again here after the full name to emphasize that this is the acronym we use, because we don't really introduce it in any other way (except the title parenthesized words)

Author: Done.
